it was a time of tradition a time of
values a time people who are different
their time is coming to shake things up
not in Baltimore it isn't and I'm late
that was our very own link Larkin and I
motormouth maybelle kitchen rhythm your
way dancing on that show is my dream I
want to be one of the nicest kids in
town cut school tomorrow and come budish
no one in this house is auditioning for
anything amber save your personal life
for the cameras sweetie Oh shiny come on
get out there and show up
brand new council member miss Tracy
Turnblad first the hair now this Tracy
certainly has redefined our standards
that's for sure when you follow your own
beat do we get any more white people in
it is gonna be a suburb the world will
follow you I think no one uses start of
a pretty big adventure
get a baby
and hairspray this is America you gotta
think big to be big big ain't the
problem in this family Wilbur